api client release post :tada: (#1883)
agrc/gis.utah.gov: _posts/2021-11-29-introducing-the-official-ugrc-api-client.md

![first screen]({% link images/api-client/client.png %})
{: .flex .flex--center}

## A few highlights we are proud of

- No license is needed to use the client! It is download and go.
- The client is cross-platform. It works on [Mac](https://github.com/agrc/api-client/releases/download/v1.5.0/UGRC.API.Client-1.5.0-x64.dmg) and [Windows](https://github.com/agrc/api-client/releases/download/v1.5.0/ugrc-api-client-1.5.0-win32-setup.exe).
- The client is evergreen. The app will automatically download updates as soon as they are available. Every time the application restarts, it will be the best, most recent version.
- You only need to create one API key ever. Did your IP address change? No problem! Your access will not be interrupted.
- API keys are validated before the geocoding task starts. The create a key, try to geocode, fail, read the error message, create a new key, succeed loop is broken!

> There are many improvements compared to our other desktop clients that you will need to download the app and see for yourself. We are not finished. We have many [new features](https://github.com/agrc/api-client/issues) planned for this client that you will not want to miss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many other improvements compared to our other desktop clients. You'll have to [download](https://github.com/agrc/api-client/releases) and install the app to see them for yourself. And we are not yet finished. We have plenty of [new features](https://github.com/agrc/api-client/issues) planned for this client that you will not want to miss.
```
